“I do not fear computers. I fear lack of them.”— Isaac Asimov  
“A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.”— Emo Philips  
“Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.”— Edsger W. Dijkstra  
“The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before.”— Bill Gates    
“Software is like entropy: It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics; i.e., it always increases.”— Norman Augustine   
“Software is a gas; it expands to fill its container.”— Nathan Myhrvold  
“All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you can’t get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do not use a hammer.”— IBM Manual, 1925  
“Standards are always out of date.  That’s what makes them standards.”— Alan Bennett   
“Physics is the universe’s operating system.”— Steven R Garman   
“It’s hardware that makes a machine fast.  It’s software that makes a fast machine slow.”— Craig Bruce   
“Imagination is more important than knowledge.  For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution.”— Albert Einstein   
“The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.”— Stephen Hawking   
“The more you know, the more you realize you know nothing.”— Socrates   
“Tell me and I forget.  Teach me and I remember.  Involve me and I learn.”— Benjamin Franklin   
“Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance.”— Confucius   
“If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.”— Ludwig Wittgenstein   
“Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant.”— Mitchell Kapor  
“If you think your users are idiots, only idiots will use it.”— Linus Torvalds   
“From a programmer’s point of view, the user is a peripheral that types when you issue a read request.”— P. Williams   
“Where is the ‘any’ key?”— Homer Simpson, in response to the message, “Press any key”   
“Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind.”— Donald Knuth   
“There is only one problem with common sense; it’s not very common.”— Milt Bryce   
“Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.”— Bill Gates   
“Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs: Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.”— Donald E. Knuth   
“The Internet?  We are not interested in it.”— Bill Gates, 1993   
“The best way to get accurate information on Usenet is to post something wrong and wait for corrections.”— Matthew Austern   
“The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident.  That’s where we come in; we’re computer professionals.  We cause accidents.”— Nathaniel Borenstein   
“Pessimists, we’re told, look at a glass containing 50% air and 50% water and see it as half empty.  Optimists, in contrast, see it as half full.  Engineers, of course, understand the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.”— Bob Lewis   
“In a room full of top software designers, if two agree on the same thing, that’s a majority.”— Bill Curtis   
“It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure.  Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure, to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter.”— Nathaniel S. Borenstein   
“Mostly, when you see programmers, they aren’t doing anything.  One of the attractive things about programmers is that you cannot tell whether or not they are working simply by looking at them.  Very often they’re sitting there seemingly drinking coffee and gossiping, or just staring into space.  What the programmer is trying to do is get a handle on all the individual and unrelated ideas that are scampering around in his head.”— Charles M. Strauss   
“If you think you are worth what you know, you are very wrong.  Your knowledge today does not have much value beyond a couple of years.  Your value is what you can learn and how easily you can adapt to the changes this profession brings so often.”— Jose M. Aguilar   
“Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.”— Abelson and Sussman   
“Commenting your code is like cleaning your bathroom — you never want to do it, but it really does create a more pleasant experience for you and your guests.”— Ryan Campbell  
“We have to stop optimizing for programmers and start optimizing for users.”— Jeff Atwood   
“Low-level programming is good for the programmer’s soul.”— John Carmack   
“It’s OK to figure out murder mysteries, but you shouldn’t need to figure out code.  You should be able to read it.”— Steve McConnell   
“If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as ‘lines produced’ but as ‘lines spent.'”— Edsger Dijkstra   
“Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined.”— Kreitzberg and Shneiderman  
“Before software should be reusable, it should be usable.”— Ralph Johnson  
“If you automate a mess, you get an automated mess.”— Rod Michael   
“Looking at code you wrote more than two weeks ago is like looking at code you are seeing for the first time.”— Dan Hurvitz   
“It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.”— Alan Perlis   
“Less than 10% of the code has to do with the ostensible purpose of the system; the rest deals with input-output, data validation, data structure maintenance, and other housekeeping.”— Mary Shaw   
“If you have a procedure with ten parameters, you probably missed some.”— Alan Perlis  
“How rare it is that maintaining someone else’s code is akin to entering a beautifully designed building, which you admire as you walk around and plan how to add a wing or do some redecorating. More often, maintaining someone else’s code is like being thrown headlong into a big pile of slimy, smelly garbage.”— Bill Venners   
“Code generation, like drinking alcohol, is good in moderation.”— Alex Lowe   
“Simplicity, carried to the extreme, becomes elegance.”— Jon Franklin   
“A program is never less than 90% complete, and never more than 95% complete.”— Terry Baker   
“When you are stuck in a traffic jam with a Porsche, all you do is burn more gas in idle.  Scalability is about building wider roads, not about building faster cars.”— Steve Swartz   
“Everyone by now presumably knows about the danger of premature optimization.  I think we should be just as worried about premature design — designing too early what a program should do.”— Paul Graham   
“Programming without an overall architecture or design in mind is like exploring a cave with only a flashlight: You don’t know where you’ve been, you don’t know where you’re going, and you don’t know quite where you are.”— Danny Thorpe   
“The best way to predict the future is to implement it.”— David Heinemeier Hansson   
“We need above all to know about changes; no one wants or needs to be reminded 16 hours a day that his shoes are on.”— David Hubel   
“On two occasions I have been asked, ‘If you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?’  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.”— Charles Babbage   
“Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.”— Albert Einstein   
“Today, most software exists, not to solve a problem, but to interface with other software.”— IO Angell   
“Good specifications will always improve programmer productivity far better than any programming tool or technique.”— Milt Bryce   
“The difference between theory and practice is that in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.”— Richard Moore   
“Don’t document the problem, fix it.”— Atli Björgvin Oddsson   
“As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.”— Dave Parnas   
“If the code and the comments do not match, possibly both are incorrect.”— Norm Schryer   
“I think it’s a new feature.  Don’t tell anyone it was an accident.”— Larry Wall   
“If you don’t handle [exceptions], we shut your application down.  That dramatically increases the reliability of the system.”— Anders Hejlsberg   
“When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code.”— Richard Pattis   
“In a software project team of 10, there are probably 3 people who produce enough defects to make them net negative producers.”— Gordon Schulmeyer   
“I think it is inevitable that people program poorly.  Training will not substantially help matters.  We have to learn to live with it.”— Alan Perlis   
“Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence.”— Edsger Dijkstra   
“Manually managing blocks of memory in C is like juggling bars of soap in a prison shower: It’s all fun and games until you forget about one of them.”— anonymous Usenet user   
“There’s no obfuscated Perl contest because it’s pointless.”— Jeff Polk   
“Java is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS.”— Alan Kay  
“There are only two things wrong with C++:  The initial concept and the implementation.”— Bertrand Meyer   
“It was a joke, okay?  If we thought it would actually be used, we wouldn’t have written it!”— Mark Andreesen, speaking of the HTML tag BLINK      
“Perl: The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.”— Keith Bostic   
“I didn’t work hard to make Ruby perfect for everyone, because you feel differently from me.  No language can be perfect for everyone.  I tried to make Ruby perfect for me, but maybe it’s not perfect for you.  The perfect language for Guido van Rossum is probably Python.”— Yukihiro Matsumoto, aka “Matz”, creator of Ruby   
“XML is not a language in the sense of a programming language any more than sketches on a napkin are a language.”— Charles Simonyi   
“BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.”— Seymour Papert   
“It has been discovered that C++ provides a remarkable facility for concealing the trivial details of a program — such as where its bugs are.”— David Keppel   
“UNIX is simple.  It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.”— Dennis Ritchie   
“Some people, when confronted with a problem, think ‘I know, I’ll use regular expressions.’  Now they have two problems.”— Jamie Zawinski   
“I think computer viruses should count as life.  I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive.  We’ve created life in our own image.”— Stephen Hawking   
“The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards.”— Gene Spafford   
“Being able to break security doesn’t make you a hacker anymore than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive engineer.”— Eric Raymond   
“Companies spend millions of dollars on firewalls, encryption and secure access devices, and it’s money wasted, because none of these measures address the weakest link in the security chain.”— Kevin Mitnick   
“If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology.”— Bruce Schneier  
“Hoaxes use weaknesses in human behavior to ensure they are replicated and distributed.  In other words, hoaxes prey on the Human Operating System.”— Stewart Kirkpatrick   
“Passwords are like underwear: you don’t let people see it, you should change it very often, and you shouldn’t share it with strangers.”— Chris Pirillo   
“I am not out to destroy Microsoft, that would be a completely unintended side effect.”— Linus Torvalds   
“Yes, we have a dress code. You have to dress.”— Scott McNealy, co-founder of Sun Microsystems   
“In an information economy, the most valuable company assets drive themselves home every night.  If they are not treated well, they do not return the next morning.”— Peter Chang  
“It’s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive.”— Steve McConnell
“I’m not one of those who think Bill Gates is the devil.  I simply suspect that if Microsoft ever met up with the devil, it wouldn’t need an interpreter.”— Nicholas Petreley   
“Two years from now, spam will be solved.”— Bill Gates, 2004   
“The problem of viruses is temporary and will be solved in two years.”— John McAfee, 1988  
“Computer viruses are an urban legend.”— Peter Norton, 1988   
“In 2031, lawyers will be commonly a part of most development teams.”— Grady Booch   
“I don’t know what the language of the year 2000 will look like, but I know it will be called Fortran.”— CA Hoare, 1982  
“In the future, computers may weigh no more than 1.5 tonnes.”— Popular mechanics, 1949   
“I see little commercial potential for the Internet for at least ten years.”— Bill Gates, 1994   
“Before man reaches the moon, mail will be delivered within hours from New York to California, to Britain, to India or Australia.”— Arthur Summerfield, 1959, United States Post
“The world is one big data problem.”— Andrew McAfee
“Data levels all arguments.”— Anthony W. Richardson
“Maybe stories are just data with a soul.”— Brené Brown
“The data speaks for itself. That’s the easiest measure of success.”— Caitlin Smallwood
“The goal is to turn data into information, and information into insight.”— Carly Fiorina
“The best way to learn data science is to do data science.”— Chanin Nantasenamat
“The great thing about predictions is that you can be wrong.”— Chris Wiggins
“In Data Science if you want to help individuals, be empathetic and ask questions; that way, you can begin to understand their journey, too.”— Damian Duffy Mingle
“As data scientists, our job is to extract signal from noise.”— Daniel Tunkelang
“Without a systematic way to start and keep data clean, bad data will happen.”— Donato Diorio
"Al que le van a dar, le guardan"
"Le falta pelo pa’ moña"
"Cuentas claras y el chocolate espeso"
"De eso tan bueno no dan tanto"
"El que tiene tienda que la atienda"
"Tengo un filo, que si me agacho me corto"
"Mugre que no mata, engorda"
"A caballo regalado no se le mira el colmillo"
"A cada santo le llega su día"
"A Dios rogando y con el mazo dando"
"A mal tiempo, buena cara"
"Esto ya se está pasando de castaño a oscuro"
"No me abra los ojos que no le voy a echar gotas"
"Duerme más que un gato con anemia"
"Es más feo que carro visto por debajo"
"Dios le da pan al que no tiene dientes"
"El perfume fino viene en envase pequeño"
"El pez por la boca muere"
"El que mucho abarca .... Poco aprieta"
"En la tierra del ciego, el tuerto es rey"
"Más amarrado que casa de bahareque.
"Más blanco que nalga de monja.
"Más contento que marrano estrenando lazo.
"Más dañado que agua de florero.
"Más demorado que despedida de borracho.
"Más dormido que pierna hinchada.
"Más duro que matar un marrano a cachetadas.
"Más enamorado que un palomo azul.
"Mas enredado que un bulto de anzuelos.
"Más enredado que un costal de anzuelos.
"Más envejecen las penas que las canas.
"Más fácil cuadrar cien micos para una fotografía.
"Más falso que una moneda de cuero.
"Más flaco que silbido de culebra.
"Más flojo que madeja de lana.
"Más golpeado que bacinilla de ciego.
"Más hace una hormiga andando que un buey echado.
"Más hambriento que ratón de iglesia.
"Más largo que una semana sin carne.
"Más liso que nalga bebé.
"Más malo que Caín " personaje bíblico".
"Más peligroso que chocolate crudo."
"Más pronto cae un hablador que un cojo."
"Más quebrado que un tabaco en el bolsillo de atrás."
"Más rápido cae un mentiroso que un cojo."
"Más sabe el diablo por viejo que  por diablo."
"Más se aprende en un día de soledad que en ciento de sociedad."
"Más serio que un burro embarcado."
"Más serio que un revólver."
"Más simple que beso de boba."
"Más torcido que cabuya entre el bolsillo."
"Más untado que la vara de subir los micos."
"Más vale libertad con pobreza que prisión con riqueza."
"Más vale malo por conocido que bueno por conocer."
"Mas vale pájaro en mano que cientos volando."
"Más vale pan con amor que gallina con dolor."
"Mas vale perder un minuto en la vida que la vida en un minuto."
"Más vale poco y bueno que mucho y malo."
"Mas vale prevenir que tener que lamentar."
"Más vale sano que pagarle al cirujano."
"Más vale ser cabeza de ratón que cola de león."
"Más vale solo que mal acompañado"
"Más vale tarde que nunca."
"Tiene más carne un zancudo en la punta del ala"
"Más feo que un remiendo en la corbata."
"Más feo que una nariz con tres ventanas."
"Más feo que ver morir la mamá de hambre."
"Más fiel que perro recogido."
"Más fría que barriga de rana."
"Más incómodo que tres en una hamaca."
"Más inquieto que gato chiquito."
"Más insípido que un pastel de aire comprimido."
"Más inútil que el cenicero de una motocicleta."
"Más inútil que tetilla de hombre."
"Más largo que un día en canoa."
"Más lento que una tortuga de mármol."
"Más lleno que el costal de un loco."
"Más nervioso que Pinocho en el detector de mentiras."
"Más ordinaria que una aguepanela enlatada."
"Más ordinaria que una caja de dientes de ajo."
"Más ordinaria que una misa con mariachis."
"Más ordinario que llegar con regalo a un velorio."
"Más ordinario que un acuario con sapos."
"Más ordinario que un anillo de piedra pomex."
"Más ordinario que un ataúd con calcomanías."
"Más ordinario que un brasier con pliegues."
"Más ordinario que un chicle de cebolla."
"Más ordinario que un cuaderno de hojas de plátano."
"Más ordinario que un diente de madera."
"Más ordinario que un entierro en volqueta."
"Más ordinario que un pesebre con casa de citas."
"Más ordinario que un yogourt de yuca."
"Más ostentoso que un pavo real."
"Más pegado que chicle viejo."
"Más pegajoso que un moco."
"Más peligrosa que una leona pariendo."
"Más peligroso que barbero con hipo."
"Más peligroso que beso de canibal."
"Más peligroso que hacer gárgaras con tachuelas."
"Más peligroso que hacerle chanzas a un sicario."
"Más peligroso que Michael Jackson en una guardería."
"Más peligroso que Osama Bin Laden piloteando un avión."
"Más peligroso que quitarle la novia a un guerrillero."
"Más peligroso que un alacrán con alas."
"Más peligroso que un alfiler en un tamal."
"Más peligroso que un batallón con sindicato."
"Más peligroso que un condón con alacranes."
"Más peligroso que un tiro en el oído."
"Más peligroso que una puntilla en un tobogán."
"Más perdido que el hijo de Limberg."
"Más pesado que un collar de cocos."
"Más quebrado que un bulto de canela."
"Más quemado que cenicero de madera."
"Mas rara que monja borracha."
"Más rara que una gallina con orejas."
"Más rara que una monja vendiendo chance."
"Más raro que un avión con pito."
"Más repugnante que un puré de espinillas."
"Más rota que enagua de pordiosera."
"Más sucio que bragueta de mecánico."
"Más sucio que calzón de minero."
"Más tapado que un huevo."
"Más trajinada que la correa de la polea de una lavadora vieja."
"Más triste que Adán el día de la madre."
"Más usada que una bata de baño."
"Más viejo que un río."
"Más vivo que el pastuso que vendió el TV para comprar VHS."
"Nació tan feo que lo colocaron en una incubadora con vidrios polarizados."
"No convence ni a un perro con una libra de carne."
"No es que sea fea si no que tiene una belleza rarísima."
"Pide más que cura con dos parroquias."
"Pregunta más que niño chiquito."
"Produce más alegría una orden de captura."
"Promete más que político en campaña."
"Salta más que una pulga con hipo."
"Se casaron tan jóvenes que no les hicieron fiesta de bodas sino piñata."
"Se conserva más un pedo en una jaula."
"Se despide más que circo pobre."
"Se le entiende más a un gago afónico."
"Se le saca más jugo a una mazorca cruda."
"Se mueve más que la cola de un perro."
"Se queja más que un quemado."
"Sirve más el aire acondicionado en una moto."
"Suena más una campana de icopor."
"Tan alto que para bajar los cocos de una palmera tiene que agacharse."
"Tan alto que tiene una nube en el ojo."
"Tan bocón que cuando se ríe se muerde las orejas."
"Tan bruto que cree que "fornicar" es la competencia de "Mastercard"."
"Tan bruto que le pone estampillas a un fax."
"Tan cabezón que no tiene piojos sino tortugas."
"Tan chiquita que no le cabe ni la menor duda."
"Tan de malas que cuando llovió sopa él estaba con un tenedor."
"Tan de malas que jugando ajedrez la guerrilla le secuestró los caballos."
"Tan de malas que jugando ajedrez lo pateó el caballo."
"Tan de malas que lo atropelló un carro con la llanta de repuesto."
"Tan de malas que se cayó de espaldas y se rompió el tabique."
"Tan de malas que se voló de la cárcel y lo cogió un "policía "acostado"."
"Tan despistado que estudia para un examen de orina."
"Tan distraido que llevaba una hora frente al espejo tratando de acordarse en donde había visto esa cara."
"Tan dulce que se mantiene llena de moscas."
"Tan elegante que envolvía los tamales en papel regalo."
"Tan enano que le salen los callos en la frente."
"Tan enano que le lavan la ropa en una licuadora."
"Tan exagerada que una vez se le quemó el arroz y llamó a los bomberos."
"Tan fácil como pellizcar el agua."
"Tan fea que cuando se casó el cura dijo: "ojalá la muerte los separe"."
"Tan fea que cuándo se desviste los vecinos cierran las cortinas."
"Tan fea que la cogió la corriente electrica y la soltó."
"Tan fea que lo da y se lo devuelven."
"Tan feo que cuando nació, el médico las palmadas se las dio fue a la mamá."
"Tan feo que lo contrataron para una película de defectos especiales."
"Tan feo que lo utilizan para quitar el hipo."
"Tan feo, que caminó a los quince días de nacido, porque nadie lo quiso cargar."
"Tan flaca, tan flaca, que no tenía ni dedo gordo."
"Tan flaco que no se viste sino que se cuelga la ropa."
"Tan gorda que no la abrazan sino que la rodean."
"Tan negro que no le sale caspa sino hollín."
"Tan olvidadizo que dejó el trago y no se acuerda donde."
"Tan pechugona que usa brasier copa mundo."
"Tan pobre que los hijos se comieron los dientes de leche."
"Tan pobre que no puede sostener ni una conversación."
"Tan pobre que no tenía ni hambre."
"Tan pobre que vendió el sanitario porque no tenía nada que echarle."
"Tan pobre, que la última vez que comió carne fue cuando se mordió la lengua."
"Tan pobres que no sacaban la basura sino que la entraban."
"Tan tacaño que se acuesta con la cuñada para no gastar a su mujer."
"Tan torpe que le dieron a manejar una finca y la estrelló."
"Tan vicioso que se fumó las cenizas del abuelo."
"Tan viejo que no chupa colombinas sino precolombinas."
"Tenía la boca tan grande, que el jarabe se lo daban con pala."
"Tenía la boca tan pequeña que para decir tres tenía que decir uno, uno, uno."
"Tiene dientes tan grandes que no se rie para no rayar el piso."
"Tiene la boca tan grande que se come los perros calientes atravesados."
"Tiene más carne un zancudo en la punta del ala."
"Tiene más carne una bola de billar."
"Tiene más carne una tuerca."
"Tiene más cintura un balín."
"Tiene más cintura una nevera."
"Tiene más curvas una pista de aterrizaje."
"Tiene más dientes que un piñón."
"Tiene más futuro un rollo de papel higiénico."
"Tiene más futuro un submarino descapotable."
"Tiene más hueso la lengua."
"Tiene más luces una lancha de contrabandistas."
"Tiene más malicia un gato hidráulico."
"Tiene más memoria una máquina de escribir manual."
"Tiene más muelas que una pelea de perros."
"Tiene más oficio el limpiabrisas de un submarino."
"Tiene más ojos que una piña mal pelada."
"Tiene más ojos que una piña."
"Tiene más olfato un gato hidráulico."
"Tiene más patas que una mesa de billar."
"Tiene más pelo una bombilla."
"Tiene más preocupaciones un recién nacido."
"Tiene más presencia un moco en la corbata."
"Tiene más problemas que el "Algebra de Baldor"."
"Tiene más puestos que un bus."
"Tiene tan mal oído para la música que desentona tocando un timbre."
"Tiene tanta plata que no hace el amor sino que lo compra hecho."
"Tiene tantas arrugas en la frente que no se pone el sombrero sino que se lo enrosca."
"Tiene una boca tan grande que puede cantar dos canciones al mismo tiempo."
"Tiene una pecueca tan fuerte que se la pegó a la pata de la cama."
"Trabaja más un gorgojo en un riel."
"Trabaja más Papá Noel que sólo lo hace un día al año."
"Vive más aburrido que un piojo en una peluca."
